[FLINK-21073][docs] Mention that RocksDB would ignore java's equals/hashCode during comparing objects (#15527)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/ops/state/state_backends.md

The EmbeddedRocksDBStateBackend holds in-flight data in a [RocksDB](http://rocksdb.org) database
that is (per default) stored in the TaskManager local data directories.

> Unlike storing java objects in HashMapStateBackend, data are hold in bytes format which mainly defined by serializer resulting in objects are compared byte-wise instead of using java's `hashCode()` and `equals()` methods. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike storing java objects in HashMapStateBackend, data is stored as serialized byte arrays, which mainly defined by the types serializer, resulting in key comparisons being byte-wise instead of using java's `hashCode()` and `equals()` methods.
```

Author: Thanks for your suggestions, already addressed in force-pushed commit.

> Unlike storing java objects in HashMapStateBackend, data is stored as serialized byte arrays, which mainly defined by the types serializer, resulting in key comparisons being byte-wise instead of using java's `hashCode()` and `equals()` methods.

Reviewer 2: Isn't the verb now missing in this sentence?

```suggestion
Unlike storing java objects in `HashMapStateBackend`, data is stored as serialized byte arrays, which are mainly defined by the type serializer, resulting in key comparisons being byte-wise instead of using Java's `hashCode()` and `equals()` methods.
```
